we're excited to announce the newest
cherrim anime game will feature the
brand new mouth system which stands for
must often utter talking points hastily
interact with your favorite characters
with a full-fledged time-sensitive
conversation tree system hello Tamiko
Chan what the hell hello Tamiko John
hello nice day isn't it
I'm sorry what was that what on earth is
wrong with you what would you like for
breakfast um ago John Thanks and how
would you like them cooked and what kind
of seasoning so Tomoko China you've
killed me it had to be done refrigerator
senpai what I wouldn't give to be able
to return to those halcyon days where I
could make you smile with a big plate of
over-medium eggs
good that's what I said he remembered
seasoned with pepper the pen game this
video was sponsored by Sega's Sakura
wars for ps4 which features the
relationship management system lips to
live and interactive picture system
where what you say and how you say it
will affect your relationships with your
team a team designed by the creator of
bleach tight Okubo get Sakura wars
available now on ps4 you can learn more
about it in the link below